README.md, before:

# d2l-note
[![Build status][ci-image]][ci-url]

A Note

## Install the Polymer-CLI

First, make sure you have the [Polymer CLI](https://www.npmjs.com/package/polymer-cli) and npm (packaged with [Node.js](https://nodejs.org)) installed. Run `npm install` to install your element's dependencies, then run `polymer serve` to serve your element locally.

## Viewing Your Element

```bash
npm start
```

## Running Tests

```bash
npm test
```

Your application is already set up to be tested via [web-component-tester](https://github.com/Polymer/web-component-tester). Run `npm test` to run your application's test suite locally.

## Versioning

Commits and PR merges to master will automatically do a minor version bump which will:
* Update the version in `package.json`
* Add a tag matching the new version
* Create a github release matching the new version

By using either **[increment major]** or **[increment patch]** notation inside your merge message, you can overwrite the default version upgrade of minor to the position of your choice.

## Localization

This repo uses [Serge](https://docs.dev.d2l/index.php/Serge-Localize) for localization. On any changes to langterm data files (eg. due to adding new lang terms, or merging an automated PR that provides updated translations), you must run
```bash
npm run localize
```
to generate new modules with the updated data.


[ci-url]: https://travis-ci.com/Brightspace/d2l-note
[ci-image]: https://travis-ci.com/Brightspace/d2l-note.svg?token=zuyCdqqy8sVToprVBgAu&branch=master

Commit message:

Added functionality for text box to collapse after adding a note. (#65)
* Added functionality for text box to collapse after adding a note.

* grouped repeated calls into a single method.

* replaced set/removeattribute with a property.

* removing window.shadycss

* removed commented out code and unneeded import

* Update src/d2l-note-edit.js

Co-authored-by: Kevin Adams <adamsk34@myumanitoba.ca>

* Removed remaining ShadyCSS

* commented out test for CI

* Update Readme to reference commented out CI test.

Co-authored-by: James Klassen <13937038+jameswklassen@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Adams <adamsk34@myumanitoba.ca>

README.md, after:

# d2l-note
[![Build status][ci-image]][ci-url]

A Note

## Install the Polymer-CLI

First, make sure you have the [Polymer CLI](https://www.npmjs.com/package/polymer-cli) and npm (packaged with [Node.js](https://nodejs.org)) installed. Run `npm install` to install your element's dependencies, then run `polymer serve` to serve your element locally.

## Viewing Your Element

```bash
npm start
```
## Running Tests

```bash
npm test
```

## Issue With CI

Currently there is an issue running the following on travis CI: npm run test:local;
Line 16 of travis.yml has been commented out, and this test should be run locally prior to creating a PR and merging into master.


Your application is already set up to be tested via [web-component-tester](https://github.com/Polymer/web-component-tester). Run `npm test` to run your application's test suite locally.

## Versioning

Commits and PR merges to master will automatically do a minor version bump which will:
* Update the version in `package.json`
* Add a tag matching the new version
* Create a github release matching the new version

By using either **[increment major]** or **[increment patch]** notation inside your merge message, you can overwrite the default version upgrade of minor to the position of your choice.

## Localization

This repo uses [Serge](https://docs.dev.d2l/index.php/Serge-Localize) for localization. On any changes to langterm data files (eg. due to adding new lang terms, or merging an automated PR that provides updated translations), you must run
```bash
npm run localize
```
to generate new modules with the updated data.


[ci-url]: https://travis-ci.com/Brightspace/d2l-note
[ci-image]: https://travis-ci.com/Brightspace/d2l-note.svg?token=zuyCdqqy8sVToprVBgAu&branch=master
